This frames kit contains 14 pages and files, and 4 images.


index.html is the main frameset page.  

Be sure to place as much keyword rich content in the noframes section of the index.html page as you can.  You should even include links.

Javascript Redirection
Each page includes a block of javascript code in the head section. The content pages that are accessed directly will redirect into the main frameset page. (index.html)

When adding new pages change the javascript in its head section to reflect the name of the web page. For instance, if you created a new page named carrots.html, you would change the line of javascript as shown below:
if(self.location==top.location)self.location="index.html?carrots.html";

Pages that you don't want directly accessed like blank.html, footer.html, navigation.html and heading.html should use this line:
if(self.location==top.location)self.location="index.html";

heading.html
This page controls your main frameset heading or left column. 
The heading background  image used on this page is 400 pixels in width.    You must modify the style sheet to change the image. Or name your new image top-bkg. jpg and adjust the height in the style sheet.
Heading text - If you remove the heading text (h1 header tag) replace it with a non breaking space ( &nbsp;) 
Heading text should be placed at the top of your design.  If you place it at the bottom, it may disappear when the page is viewed at a 1024x768 monitor resolution.

page1.html
page2.html
page3.html
page4.html
page5.html
page6.html
These pages are your content pages which are targetted into the right column of the main frameset.  They are just simple HTML pages.  Each page contains a block of javascript that redirects to the main frameset if the page is indexed by the SEs and someone accesses it directly. 
If you rename these pages or create new ones be sure to change the navigation page and the javascript at the top to reflect the changes.

blank.html
The blank page is simply used to center the navigation device.

navigation.html
This page controls the top row of the right column.
All  links are targetted into the content frame window named content .  
If you add or remove buttons you need to adjust the height of the navigation row in the right column of the main frameset.  You should also adjust the height setting of the topnavigate division in the style sheet.


footer.html
This page contains your copyright information.

page6.html - website Resources
We include this page to show those of you building large frames websites a better method of listing your pages.  Use this method rather than creating a navigation device with 100 buttons.

framesset.css
This text file is the linked style sheet that controls the appearance of text on your content pages.  Always keep it in the same folder as the index.html page and content pages. 
If you create new pages for your site be sure to include the statement in the head section that links to this file.

frames-feedback.php
This is the script that processes the contact form on page5.html
To activate the form change the action statement on page5.html to action="frames-feedback.php"
Change email@address on the script to your desired email account info.

readfirst.txt
Directions for modifying kit.


 If you need help with CSS visit our HTML-CSS tutorial at www.createafreewebsite.net/html_tutorial/htmltoc.htm. 

Need more help with your frames kit?  Contact Charles at netsuccess20004u@aol.com. Place Need Frames Help in the subject line.

Need web hosting for your finished website?  We sell hosting for $3.25 a month and we provide more storage and bandwidth than most web hosts charging twice as much.  Visit cafwhosting.com and get a free domain name, free set up and more resources than you'll ever need for only $39 a year.